hi today you are here so far as you are
written great comments and
I'll do that again today
unfortunately i have comment for this
format still no creative
great matching names found because
somehow everything already exists and
creative but I have 60,000 totally
great people at my side
maybe one of you is there
the great idea has a great idea synonymous one
great idea
shit please in the comments I
I'll be infinitely grateful for that
the following video is only for
entertainment any representation of
comments is completely arbitrary and
fictitious
All comments are in real life
have been written and can have traces of
contain nuts
Something has to be looked after tower
to be something in this video
really an owner childish secretly
strangely ashamed sorry dislike the
would like to have comments for your next one
video take stop stop stop that
Let's take it again very quickly
back
if someone already grounded
comment in my comments again
get in
then certainly not you maybe
The comment was not meant seriously
then you do not really wonder
great of course and just wanted in
this goal is no longer coming in now
made backwards and now you are yes
outside
that is alban oh no videos
still full album already noticed
Now I have my secret
i am a silly mandy and i am
very proud of it and I think silly
is a very nice compliment so
thank you for being silly is really in
theirs says you all knew that it was
as if someone would say you are
the most beautiful woman in the world like that
does it feel for me
how you do it that you speak so well
without moving the moon
Did you know that I am not
belly speech I can tell you now
I can speak without my mouth to
move
It's not always easy, though
i can be stressful wedding
bell- mouthed hectares do less familiar
you are his jutta or something
I know myself with star wars star trek
star wars i think 00 neger little out
but I think that's the way it is
speaks as if no grammar
stock active warehouse as much as I want
ok nexway open julia bill stewart
inacio there
So I do not find the food in
order
that was really nice how many are
because of my big one
food waste excited
have some of the products already
had expired and I would not have anyway
can use and especially from
things and quantities that were so minimal
that one of them nor any third
Of course , feeding the world can be yes
a role model but you
I must also see that I am such a
A little balance must be made between entertainment value
I would like to do something like this
what just disgusting and also
food waste but you
we have to think
There were maybe 15 rice grains yes
some countries are 15 30 köln whole
a lot but when I now reis
that would have eaten the children in
Africa
Unfortunately I did not bring anything
understand that that just so the
But gesture is always the same
a little relation thing if only
For example, British youtubers do that
this is celebrated until now
and rottweil and a little bit
Mentality thing about it once wanted
make video what you like the youtube
mentality especially in Germany
and in other countries
I would like to compare this to everyone
If so, speak again
still
that is something like me in the race
dear day
i do not run stupid i run nice
So I think it's a bit
cheeky is also a channel locked and
deleted a comment
and yes you are now connected forever
and forever because I would run totally beautiful
s my running went she says she has
lost
I wanted so much because usain bolt
lead and ask me my running style
I do not think that's nice now
but with this kimberly blue i find
You think this village but this full of fun
should the puk in malibu say that you
Just got the curve
First, she would not be with her
sardines nutella dish lined
Personally therefore lucky that
you think that's cool, me
Personally, of course , the blues would come
awesome i love you cook and you
Great singing and she is the best
the blue lagoon
do a ten kinds of parents
Video that was an idea for a good one
you could get a cool ten types of parents
maybe ten kinds of students c
names of loved to worship has
nobody on youtube
I do that really cool so horny
innovative horny horny hammer but what have you
you take it you are my drug mira
lopez bambergs in the taxi more alu per
cent surcharge we albert are the best
you are with me
Do you know what is explained must here
I link to you my last
comments comment videos yes so
the last judge is the playlist
danone together and I will do my
Last video that was the thing we did
Again, we wonder why together
with the great diana and here you can
So do not subscribe to a channel
do not forget the guitar again enormously
go up if she liked then
I know if you look like this
and of course is a proposal as
I can call this format cool
suggestion
hello I count on you better